Research Skill 1 - Note Taking
Good notes are key to better understanding the text, retaining more information from the text, and using the text efficiently and effectively in later research papers and projects. A small investment in time for each reading during the term will pay off during finals when you have lots of well-organized research notes at your fingertips.
 
Fritzsche, “Narrative and its Insufficiency”
  Rosenstein, “History in Images...” and
White, “Historiography...”
   Taberner and Cooke, “Introduction”
  STUDENT NAMES
STUDENT NAMES
STUDENT NAMES
❏ Read the article(s) or chapter(s) assigned to your group and write a summary. 
❏ This summary should be at absolute maximum two pages long.
❏ Turn in your notes digitally via Google Classroom!
❏ Bring a hard copy of your summary to class.
As a guide, you can view sample notes from Todd: Chapter 1 of Mary Fulbrook’s German National Identity after the Holocaust. You don’t have to follow this format strictly, this is just a general example. Use a format that is clear and helpful to you and which includes 1-4 below.
1. Include complete citation information!
Don’t waste time later trying to track this information down! Jot down all the information you need to cite this in a paper later. These are all chapters from anthologies (which feature a different author for each chapter). Here, you should also include the title of the chapter and the specific author whose work you are reading!
2. Thesis
What is the thesis or the main idea of the article or chapter? What original interpretation is the author presenting? Can you find a sentence or a few sentences which clearly lay out the thesis? Write out this thesis in your notes!
3. Outline - Structure and Arguments
Has the author written subheadings or “mini-chapters” of the article or chapter which give you an idea of the structure? If not, could you write subheadings and divide the text into a few sections?
  
What is the focus of each section? How do the sections relate to each other, or what is the transitional idea from one section to the next? How does each section support the thesis?
4. Quotes
Citing sources is of utmost importance in research in general, not just courses. Journalism, research projects for private firms, and more all require a clear citation of sources. Find 3-5 quotes (in addition to the thesis) which you think are important to understanding the text. If you find more, that’s fine. Perhaps you could find a key sentence or quote from each section of the text which present the kernel of that section. Include these in your outline (#3 above) so the quotes are in context with your notes!
5. Page references
For all the information above, provide page references! Your work will be much more useful if you can jot down page numbers now.
BRING A HARD COPY WITH YOU TO CLASS ON THURSDAY.
GERM / FILM 151: History on Film
Rsch Skill 1 - Note Taking
Points possible
Points earned
Notes / Feedback
Citation Info
2
Thesis Statement
5
Structure and Arguments
5
Quotes
5
Page references
5
TOTAL
22
If you didn’t get full credit in a category, you can revise and resubmit your notes for an updated grade.

