 LGBT Politics in Latin America (PS/GWST/LAST 334) Research paper assignment
10 pages (9.5-10.5 pages)
For your research paper you may write about any topic related to LGBT politics (or any sector of the LGBT community; it could be just about lesbians, or just about trans people) in any part of the world. By politics, I mean it has to be about power in some way, not that it has to be about laws or electoral politics.
There are three due dates for this paper:
Monday, Sept 30th PAPER PROPOSAL DUE
Your proposal should be one page in which you present your research question or questions, along with a bibliography.
TWO VERY IMPORTANT NOTES:
1) A topic is not a research question.
Here is a topic:
Violence against LGBT people in Honduras
Here are research questions:
Why is so much violence inflicted on members of the LGBT community in Honduras? What role does national politics play in causing violence? What strategies have been used to try to reduce violence? To what extent have those strategies been successful?
2) Your initial bibliography must be comprised of books and refereed journal articles, not sources that you find through a Google search.
Remember that you may find useful sources by looking at the bibliographies of books or articles that are related to your topic. If you are having trouble finding good sources, we can meet to strategize, or you could talk to a research librarian.
Monday, Oct 28th FIRST VERSION OF THE PAPER IS DUE Please number your pages!
Monday, Nov 11th FINAL VERSION OF THE PAPER IS DUE (also you need to return the first version–with my handwritten comments–when you hand in the final version. Please do not staple them to each other!)
Please use complete citations in all bibliographies (including the proposal)!
Here is a model of a complete citation:
Epstein, Steven. 1999. “Gay and Lesbian Movements in the United States: Dilemmas of Identity, Diversity and Political Strategy.” In Adam, Barry et al. The Global Emergence of Gay and Lesbian Politics. Philadelphia: Temple University Press. pp. 30-90.
